Here it's important to take into account that although initially we start with prompts, that is the easiest way we're trying to find for the get users to test and to basically make the paradigm shift, which is to be surprised by the reach and the risks that the agents that they are deploying or buying have. The next phases, once, once the agents, well basically once the stakeholders ask the question, hold on, how can we actually reduce the risk? And you realize that, you know, if you ask the agent to do it with a prompt, you're doing hope-based security, which is one of the terms we have on, on one of the websites, I think is the nhi.skit.ai. Uh, the next logic is to customize the policies for whatever controls or whatever blockers they have in place. But this now depends what exists, right? Depends what proxies they have in place, depends on what corporate policy, uh, corporate environments, these are corporate technology they have in place to actually prevent it. Even what type of accounts can be created, what kind of systems in place can be created, right? So our logic, logic is to integrate with whatever they have. And again, with with our sort of agentic development, we can create connectors with just about everything that exists on the other side. And then as they mature, they get more and more productized. But what the other th thing we do is, the other thing that we do that's very important is that we also connect and create the fractal semantic graphs with the connection, uh, with the risks. So yes, with the risks, which are all the way to the top um, chains, but also with the standards that then provide that, you know, sort of criteria, uh, but also with internal policies that they may have, internal documents, internal things, but also with, again, corporate, you know, and, and popular standards that exist. But it's all a graph that we do, and I think that's very, very powerful. And so so that's kind of how it works in practice, and that's why the vaults are so critical, because the vaults is what provide provenance. And especially, um, you know, if the customer can then, I use the vault, I'll use something similar to capture and store all the provenance, all the execution logs and all the stuff. So, and again, that's part of our, what we provide.
