Okay, so just some more comments on on the visualization, which is now way, way better. So the little detail here, two little things, is the fact that you have the green and red correct for the rep, where I got a link to the rep that is green, but then when I connect one to the red to the rep is there. The problem you have is you also have the green to the CEO after the cells and the board. And what we need is we need to also represent them as red, because if they have a red, and you also need to have a scenario, which you don't seem to find one here, which is kind of like what you have with the rep, which is I should be able to add controls that in a way, in fact, I should be able to add enough controls of this. And at the moment you can basically, for example, deploy a proxy solution or a, a new control in the middle that actually um, executes the actions, right? Um, you know, maybe, yeah, that's a good one, right? So, and that allows us to put a lot of controls into this and that should allow the functionality to be all green, right? So we remove those R7 and the point is, If I select the mail, the CRM, and the calendar, right, for example, I should still see the green bits, right? Because the green risks are the functionality, and I think you need more of those, because I really like those risks, right? But those risks are low risks because they are fundamentally, like you have here, the R0 is um, read everything in my inbox. Okay, so we need some... that are risks to do when we have the mitigations in place, right? And they should really be the green ones. So in this case, R0 is really, in the way I describe it here, it's a red because it's thing, but you need to have a set of risks here, which are, which should also be kind of assigned to like the CISO and the COO and the CFO. And you're also missing risks to the CFO and risks to the legal. You need to make those two connections. But we need a number of the ones that are green which is basically the risks that we now have accepted once we put certain controls in place. And the logic would be that as I put the controls, I'm fundamentally seeing the risks going down. And that's really what we're talking about. And for now, don't worry too much about the effectiveness of it. And let's say that you know the controls are working, right? So once we put a control, because remember the behavior policy will also determine what controls are in place, right? So, yeah, I have one more go, but this is really, really cool.
