Dinis Cruz 0:08
So the homepage of the risk mandates, but also its positioning, I think, needs to now change to be focused on a selling. the acceptance behaviour policies, which we now starting to be in a good shape, especially those four basically offerings that we have. It should be also focused on the audiences that we have, and remember that we have three main audiences here. We have the founders, we have the startups, and we have the corporate users. Right. So we need to have a complete separate message page positioning offering for them, especially when you take into account that the vault will contain messaging for multiple players, will multiple kind of audiences, right? Which basically it's one of the things that is the I guess on a value ISP, right? We customising for them, right? So, actually, we should also add the option. Actually, multilingual-that's a good idea. We probably, yeah. Let's make a note to actually for for the 500 and the 1500 one. We. one. We we could also do this in their language, so we can do this multilingual. Yeah, so we can deliver that for them. So, but but the thing, the key thing I don't want to lose is the insurance and the current positioning that we have for Rhys Mandate, but I think maybe the way to skin this is to have a new top-level page, the same way that we have now the. The same way that we have the user behaviour policy is maybe we have a top level called insurance, and and that's where we then put most of the kernel logic that exists in the homepage, which is make the agents insurable. Because the key premise here is that that's what we are going to. So our job is to make agents insurable. To do make agents insurable, they need licence to operate. To have licence to operate, they need. What's it called? They will need agent behaviour policies. So we starting with agent behaviour policies because that's something that can be created today has the lowest touch, has a big market, and allow us to basically be profitable very quickly, and that's kind of what we're doing, right? So, but I don't want to lose the content on the homepage and the thinking. Also, from think about from an investment point of view, that's what makes this quite appealing because we we have a much bigger picture than just the policies, right? So I think the homepage should start with this. Should start with the audiences. Should start with selling this. Should start with selling. Sorry, the policies, the ABPs, and then maybe at the bottom contains the links and references for the licence to operate, which probably needs a page of its own, and also the the insurance section, which again needs to be a section of its own.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai