Okay, so I'd like you to write a document, which is kind of a research document plus an, um, uh, a kind of a, a way for me to get help by others, but also to know what's available. And if you look at sk.ai, I mean sgit.ai, which is the main website, you'll see a number of partnership pages now, which are sort of my idea of doing this in the public, right? So the idea is that some of this stuff, I'll just do it in a public, um, in a public way. Um, and, um, and the logic here is that there's a lot of, you know, support in the UK for startups. There's a lot of support in the UK for UK based companies, right? And what I want to do is I want to sort of A, consolidate that information in a nice place and B, you know, help me and other companies sort of like, where do you go from now? Because I'm now in a situation where I have a, a startup risk mandate, which I think has a really cool product. So our, our challenge now is go to market. Our challenge now is we just need to be exposed to users. So it's a good example of an, um, a product that is now ready to hit the market. What we need is traction. What we need is lots and lots of users so we can iterate and we also have a, a very powerful way of learning. So literally it's just, it's all about users now, right? And, and basically there's a lot of, for example, conferences that I should be going. There's a lot of events that I should be going, presenting, you know, getting sort of like the sort of startup kind of help. And, and even like, um, I had some, some friends who had startups who went, you know, the Department of, of, um, of Commerce, even organized events that they got sponsored, they got travel, they went to, they went to other countries. Went to represent their product so um, that's what I want to do right I basically want to now find a way to um, to really uh, promote this and to really push uh, risk mandate so let's do this in the open let's come up with you know and then so this is the thing I'm a London based but this is a UK based startup um, that uh, basically needs help and I need to know who which departments, which programs, which events, sort of to go after, right? And but this, this again, this should be created as a page. Um, um, I think the partnerships or a, another variation of that is, is interesting, right? Because this page serves two purposes, three purposes, right? The first one is I want to reach out to people I know and say, hey, am I missing something here? Do you know other things that could be here? Um, B, is for other startups again organic growth and and help and try to figure out what's available and hopefully they'll get value from it and see for my own stuff right and I can even provide feedback on what's there so let's let's kind of connect these dots and then um, and then take it from there and then create this page
