Okay, so uh, a really good place to actually start um, with third parties that we can also um, do a lot of mappings um, in the ways that we don't need, I guess, um, more formal consent at all. Not that we will need formal consent, but that I think it's a good, again, it's a good place to start is all the open source, well, it's a number of open source projects that we can say that if they are deployed, they reduce the risks. And especially the ones I would like to do a big focus on is the OWASP projects, um, especially a lot of the OWASP AI projects, because I'm again, I'm very involved with OWASP, and I think OWASP would be a great community to reach out to and to be you know, involved in this. And actually, I really would like to also move some of the ideas and concepts and standards that we're developing a risk mandate to OWASP anyway. So, um, so this would be a good place to start. So the logic would be that let's do an OWASP mapping. And again, let's do a semantic graph of OWASP, right? Which I think is missing, right? Let's do a semantic graph of OWASP, how it works, uh, how they relate to each other. Uh, and this is, of course, that in the path of that fractal semantic graph, right? Because OWASP is a good example because every document, even every section or every project has its own ontology that then connects to a wider one. Right? So you, you have that ability to zoom in and zoom out, right? So fundamentally, what we then have is uh, a lot of projects that we should be mapping, again, making the business case and making the risk business case, why people should deploy those projects, which of course are free, but things are never free, right? You have to adopt it, you have to use it, you have to get value from it, you have to know how to use it. And more importantly, I think for a lot of OWASP projects is how to customize them. I think that's very important, right? Um, so, so again, we're making the business case for that. And there's also these other open source projects that are very powerful, uh, from threat modeling tools to security products to security services. So let's let's map them out, right? Um, and in fact, let's let's look at similar business models like risk mandates that other companies that are formed on top of open source. You know, foundations, right? And then they provide services, other things on top. Again, we should be synchronizing and connect with those guys, with those those teams, right? So I think this is also a really great place to start for you know almost giving this page a much bigger initial presence than just you know a couple of interesting ones because you need you need a good set of examples in there for this to really make sense, and also for the more commercial players uh, to want to be involved, right? Because Ultimately, the, the more credible it looks, the better it is. And also, we, we're building a sort of a, a community slash ecosystem, right? So you know, it's good to start with some good materials.
